docs(readme) Modify explanation for Restorable (#40)
phenyl/sp2: README.md

```

Roughly, Restorable object is an instance which can re-created by passing its JSON object to the class constructor.
Restorablility can be guaranteed by `@Restorable` decorator (TypeScript's grammer, see the following example).

```ts
import { Restorable } from "sp2";

@Restorable<Person>()
class Person {
  name: Name;

  constructor(params: { name: { first: string; last: string } }) {
    this.name = new Name(params.name);
  }
}

@Restorable<Name>()
class Name {
  first: string;
  last: string;
  constructor(params: { first: string; last: string }) {
    this.first = params.first;
    this.last = params.last;
  }
}
```

> Awkward look it seems, it actually checks if the passed class is restorable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may look awkward, but it actually checks if the passed class is restorable.
```
